README.md, before:

# Zigzag-Gengo-SSE-Coding-Test
SSE Coding Test

Setup
Setup a GitHub repository for your code, and send us the URL.
Use GitHub (git) as you would on the job.
While the challenge is rather academic in nature, code it for production.
Add any GitHub actions that you would like to show us.
Please submit your final work within 72 hours of sharing your repository location with us.

=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 
The challenge
In the language of your choice solve the following coding challenges.  Complete only as much as you can, and submit your work even if you don’t finish.  Remember to use professional code management discipline and aspire for production-ready code.  Lastly, we love tests!

Here… we… go!
Fun with Palindromes
palindrome
/ˈpalɪndrəʊm/
noun
1.	a word, phrase, or sequence that reads the same backwards as forwards, e.g. madam or nurses run.

=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 
Level 1
Write a function that takes in a non-empty string and that returns a boolean representing whether the string is a palindrome.
Sample Input
string = "abcdcba"
Sample Output
true // it's written the same forward and backward

=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 
Level 2
Now write a function that, given a string, returns its longest palindromic substring.
You can assume that there will only be one longest palindromic substring. 
Sample Input
string = "abaxyzzyxf" 
Sample Output
"xyzzyx"
 
=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 
Level 3 
Now write a function that returns the minimum number of cuts needed to perform on the string such that each remaining substring is a palindrome.
Sample Input
string = "noonabbad"
Sample Output
2 // noon | abba | d

=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 
Delivery
Include a guide (in any format/style) for running your code or maybe deploy the code in some way that makes it easy to validate your solutions.
Tests, tests, tests :) 
Write a technical brief that explains all the submitted solutions that includes both time and space complexity.  Do your best to re-create an “at the whiteboard” experience.  Help us understand your thought process.

Commit message:

Update readme file for testing guide and questionaire

README.md, after:

Testing Guide
There are 2 ways to run the program.

1. Clone the repository and run the index.html file and preview this on a browser.
2. Download the zip file and run the index file on the local computer.

Executing this will view the interface of the program. The sections for Levels 1,2 and 3 are on display and the user can input the necessary keywords or values into the input box that has the placeholder "Enter a string". Then by clickin the purple button or the "Check" button the user will be able to see the result.

=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 

The program is made using HTML, Javascript, jQuery and CSS.

=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 

# Zigzag-Gengo-SSE-Coding-Test
SSE Coding Test

Setup
Setup a GitHub repository for your code, and send us the URL.
Use GitHub (git) as you would on the job.
While the challenge is rather academic in nature, code it for production.
Add any GitHub actions that you would like to show us.
Please submit your final work within 72 hours of sharing your repository location with us.

=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 
The challenge
In the language of your choice solve the following coding challenges.  Complete only as much as you can, and submit your work even if you don’t finish.  Remember to use professional code management discipline and aspire for production-ready code.  Lastly, we love tests!

Here… we… go!
Fun with Palindromes
palindrome
/ˈpalɪndrəʊm/
noun
1.	a word, phrase, or sequence that reads the same backwards as forwards, e.g. madam or nurses run.

=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 
Level 1
Write a function that takes in a non-empty string and that returns a boolean representing whether the string is a palindrome.
Sample Input
string = "abcdcba"
Sample Output
true // it's written the same forward and backward

=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 
Level 2
Now write a function that, given a string, returns its longest palindromic substring.
You can assume that there will only be one longest palindromic substring. 
Sample Input
string = "abaxyzzyxf" 
Sample Output
"xyzzyx"
 
=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 
Level 3 
Now write a function that returns the minimum number of cuts needed to perform on the string such that each remaining substring is a palindrome.
Sample Input
string = "noonabbad"
Sample Output
2 // noon | abba | d

=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- 
Delivery
Include a guide (in any format/style) for running your code or maybe deploy the code in some way that makes it easy to validate your solutions.
Tests, tests, tests :) 
Write a technical brief that explains all the submitted solutions that includes both time and space complexity.  Do your best to re-create an “at the whiteboard” experience.  Help us understand your thought process.
